update(kongctl): Add missing docs, update, and copyedit (#5240)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/kongctl/authentication.md

kongctl login
```

The command outputs information similar to the following,

> prompting you to open a URL in your browser with the one-time code to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will prompt you to open a URL in your browser with a one-time code to authenticate.
```
